Add getregionpos() (#14617)
vim/vim: runtime/doc/builtin.txt

		Can also be used as a |method|: >
			getpos('.')->getregion(getpos("'a"))
<
getregionpos({pos1}, {pos2} [, {opts}])            *getregionpos()*

> 		Returns the list of position from {pos1} to {pos2} from a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		Returns a list of positions describing the buffer text segments bound by {pos1} to {pos2}.
```

> 		segments bound by {pos1} to {pos2} buffer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		segments bound by {pos1} and {pos2}.
```

		See |getregion()| for the arguments and notes.
		Note: When the selection is blockwise, it returns a pair of

> 		positions for every line.

Reviewer: should it always return the same structure? For non-blockwise, the end pos is not technically "necessary", but have the same structure simplifies the logic needed in consumer logic.

Author: OK.  Fixed.

>                     [[{pos_start}, {pos_end}], ...]

Reviewer: this note is not needed now, right? because the same structure is always returned

Author: The same structure is returned.  But it may be hard to understand why the positions are list.

Reviewer 2: Can you say instead:
```
Same as |getregion()|, but returns a list of positions describing the buffer text
segments bound by {pos1} and {pos2}.
```

You can remove:
```
See |getregion()| for the arguments and notes.
```

Author: OK.  I have fixed it.

		The position is a |List| with four numbers:
		    [bufnum, lnum, col, off]
		"bufnum" is zero, unless a mark like '0 or 'A is used, then it

> 		is the buffer number of the mark.

Reviewer: Is "bufnum is zero" referring to the input positions or the output? Can it support non-current buffer?

Author: I have changed it.
